Update contributer guide (#3843)
tuskyapp/Tusky: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Prerequisites
You should have a general understanding of Android development and Git. 

### Find something to work on

https://github.com/tuskyapp/Tusky/contribute is a list of open issues that have been tagged `good first issue`. This means the changes should be relatively small and self-contained.

You do not have to restrict yourself to just working on one of those issues, but as the name suggests, they're a good place to start.

### Best practices for working on an issue

- Post a comment to the issue, saying that you plan on working on it

> - Join the developer chat room, https://riot.im/app/#/room/#Tusky:matrix.org, 

Author: ```suggestion
- Join the developer chat room, https://matrix.to/#/#Tusky-General:matrix.org, 
```

> - Join the developer chat room, https://riot.im/app/#/room/#Tusky:matrix.org, 

Author: Fixed, thanks.

## Resources
- [Mastodon Api documentation](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/api/)

## Project norms for GitHub issue management

> Some contributors have additional GitHub access rights to manage issues and issue metadata. This section is for them.

### How issues are assigned

1. An issue is never assigned *by* someone *to* someone else. As a volunteer project the assigner can never be sure that the assignee is available to resolve the issue right now.

2. Therefore, **issues are only ever self-assigned**.

3. Self-assigning an issue is a clear statement of “I will do the work necessary to resolve this issue. If I can not do that in reasonable time I will un-assign the issue”

> 4. If you have assigned an issue to yourself you are expected to provide periodic updates to that issue, at least one update every 7 days. This is to ensure that the state of the work on the issue is clear to everyone else on the project.

Author: Yes, it's from the meeting.

If you can't provide an update every 7 days for an issue you've assigned to yourself then just assign yourself from the issue. Maybe leave a comment if you're going away for two weeks, and explain whether you want someone else to pick it up, or you'll get back to it when you return.

    a. The update may be a variation of “I have not been able to work on this”. That's OK. The important thing is that this is valuable information to convey to everyone else.

    b. If a PR is associated with the issue then updates to the PR are treated as updates to the issue

5. It is OK if you have assigned an issue to yourself, and then discover that you are not able to complete it or provide useful updates. If that happens just un-assign the issue. You don't have to provide a justification for why you can't do it at this time. It's enough to let the rest of the team know that someone else will need to pick this up.

> 6. If you are working on an issue and someone else needs to make a decision, `@` them into the issue, and add the `blocked` label so they can find it.

Author: Ask in the chat channel first? Or @- mention several people in to the issue?

If you've assigned yourself to an issue, you're blocked, you've escalated, and no one is responding it's also OK to unassign yourself from the issue.
